---
layout: post
title: That's right... I'm famous
type: blog
img: coniigroup.jpg
vimeo: 
youtube:  
comments: true
---

Well how about that? It's been a full year since I left Bykart Software / Durham College after working on Charm, an oncology appointment manager. Since I left they must have been featured in the Colleges Ontario Network for Industry Innovation 2012 - 2013 report. On page 19 of the report (21 of the pdf) you'll find a beautiful shot of our team (I'm in the stripped shirt, second from the left).

Credits from left to right:

-	David
-	Moi (Stephan)
-	Natasha
-	David
-	Mario
-	Kevin

> When it comes to organizing medical appointments for patients with cancer and other serious conditions – organizing the appointments can be as complicated as surgery.

> Not only are a complex series of appointments, tests and treatment sessions needed, often the treatment at one appointment depends entirely on the results of the previous one. To simplify patient scheduling, Bykart Software unveiled its flagship product, the Chemotherapy Appointment Reservation Manager (CHARM) in 2009.

> CHARM is an oncology appointment manager that expands a cancer clinic’s capacity to treat more patients with existing resources. It does this by automating processes to more 
efficiently to facilitate approvals of chemotherapy between the chemotherapy unit, pharmacy and clinicians, and by improving scheduling and communication among care providers.

Check it out the full report here:

[Conii Report 2012 - 2013](http://www.oce-ontario.org/docs/default-source/publications/conii-report-2012-13_mid-res-final.pdf#page=21) 
